[AT-1476] Amazon timestream in PHP example app (#6)
Bit-Quill/amazon-timestream-tools: sample_apps/php/README.md

# Getting started with Amazon Timestream with PHP

> This sample application shows how you can create a database and table, populate the table with sample data records, and run sample queries to jumpstart your evaluation and/or proof-of-concept applications with Amazon Timestream.

Reviewer: Would be nice if we could split this up into two sentences. Something more like:
```suggestion
The example PHP application gives developers a basic understanding of how to begin using Amazon Timestream with PHP. The application exemplifies the beginning phases of database creation with some sample data population and how to execute queries against a database.
```

Author: done

-----
## How to use
### Installation
#### PHP Installation

> Navigate to [PHP official website](https://www.php.net/downloads.php) and install the stable version of PHP

Reviewer 2: SPecify version the sample app has been tested with

Author: Done, system information has been added
